LOC-25519 - Accounts & Permissions track documentation (#840)
vtexdocs/help-center-content: docs/en/tracks/vtex-modules-getting-started/accounts-and-permissions/introduction-to-account-management.md

- Create new users
- Edit permissions of existing users
- Delete users
- Export user list

> ℹ️ Learn more in [Managing administrative users](/docs/tutorials/managing-admin-users).

### User roles

Page to create and manage user roles, which determine which features each user group can view and edit on the platform.

> ℹ️ Learn more in [Roles](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/roles).

### Authentication

Page to configure the available login methods for store customers and administrative users, including:

- Access code
- Password (with expiration option)
- Login with Google, Facebook
- Integration with external identity providers (OAuth, SAML)

> ℹ️ Learn more in [Authentication](/en/docs/tutorials/authentication).

### API keys

Page to manage API keys (app keys and app tokens) used to authenticate integrations with external systems via API. These keys ensure secure access to data without exposing your account to unauthorized applications.

> ℹ️ Learn more in [API keys](/en/docs/tutorials/api-keys).

## Next steps

Now that you know the structure of Account Management, we recommend following this track to configure your account securely:

> 1. **[Users and roles](https://help.vtex.com/en/docs/tracks/placeholder-users-and-roles)**: See how to control who can access the Admin and what they can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **[Users and roles](https://help.vtex.com/en/docs/tracks/accounts-and-permissions/users-and-roles)**: See how to control who can access the Admin and what they can do.
```
